---
title: "Purpose is a Lie"
date: 2022-11-14T15:02:30+05:45
draft: true
showdate: true
---

I have been reading the [unabomber
manifesto](https://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/national/longterm/unabomber/manifesto.text.htm)
and it is one of the best things I have ever read. I have understood a
lot about our society from reading it and something important about
purpose which is what this post is about. Whether it's hacking or
programming, the greatest issue for me is always about getting started
on a new project. I lack a sense of purpose. I look around I see a lot
of people that build stuff that are tremendously useful to a LOT of
people. Lots of github stars, lots of users, pretty popular stuff. They
must have a good feeling of purposefulness right? They seem pretty
passionate about building useful stuff and making people's lives better.
I see the big tech comapnies trying very hard to build the right thing.
Their employees talking about how good they feel working for them and
building the product that helps so many people. You see a guy that
builds electric cars to save the environment, rockets to got o mars and
save humanity, people that build AI to detect cancer and shit. People
much smarter than me doing stuff with a purpose. And there's me kinda
smart but I have no idea what the fuck I should even do. No, wait. What
fuck I should do that isn't boring. I know I should read that book about
the mental illness I suspect myself to have, but that's boring as fuck.
Tremendously helpful and healthy, but boring as fuck. I don't want to be
normal. I think I can have enough fun as I am.

I remember a [blog post](https://blog.comma.ai/a-100x-investment-part-2/) by George Hotz.

{{< figure src="/images/purpose-1.png" caption="*image instead of a quote cause i want you to see the image with the caption*">}}

The part about stories and making products inspirational. Advertising is
about using psychological tricks to intice people to buy things. Maybe
the advertisers make it look like the company is fighting for a greater
purpose for PR?

The manifesto quickly introduces the concept of *surrogate activities*.
